500,000 what if I don't?
If you don't pay, you don't want to leave today, Zhou Jin.
No bullying
What are you looking at?
Never seen a beautiful woman
I've never seen someone so ugly
Don't bully anyone
Hello, my name is Xu Miaoyu
What happened today is our fault.
Apologize to you.
How can you apologize to him?
He is you. Open the door. How come?
Here's my card.
We will definitely
I have something urgent
Wait for you to contact me later.
Good to see
For your sake
I'll spare you this time.
How can you give this apprentice your business card?
how
I have to ask your permission to do anything.
No, no, no, what you say is what you say
Okay?
Today is your boy, let's go
Temple, let's go in and wait